Reviews,Stars
"First time visit since the ""Covid"" event.  Have been at least a dozen times before then, all 5 star experiences.  But today not so much.  Not sure if they lost some good employees or just a lack of quality control and trying to manage expenses, but the chicken was not great.  Also one of us had the sandwich and it was really bland, the bun didn't seem fresh either.  Hoping it was just an off day for them because we are big fans, but will prob wait until after this covid fear goes away until we come back and they're quality will be back to normal",3
"This has to be THEE BEST CHICKEN SANDWICH IN ATLANTA !!! (if there's better, please direct me there b/c I'm convinced there's nothing better). I had the medium chicken sandwich... perfect level of spice for me cooked to perfection juicy and seasoned all the way through, the coleslaw adds a nice crunch and flavoring without being overpowering , pickles are amazing, buns are soft and buttery. Wish I had another one right now ! I also had a the wings in mild, I wish I had gone hotter but they were good. Now about the sides: mac and cheese - I'm not a fan of pimento but it was good and creamy. potato salad - nice and simple and tasty. baked beans - good they do have a little bit of spice to them.We ordered online for take out as there is no dining in due to COVID-19, however the meal was prepared and ready pretty quickly !",5
"Please support Atlanta's famous family owned restaurant Hattie B's- Atlanta.They offer delivery services as well. I just got an amazing hot meal from this location and enjoying it greatly; The hot chicken sandwich is not extremely hot so I'll go for the damn hot next time. Their banana pudding is by far the best one I had in my whole life. Also, don't forget to try the jumbo tenders, those just made my day. 299 Moreland Ave NE Atlanta GA 3 0 3 0 7 30307(678) 888-4884To order onlinehattieb.olo.express",5
"I must say after trying the one in Nashville, I wasn't impressed. But the sides at this location def made the experience so much better.The large dark was $10.50 which included two pieces of a leg + thigh infusion along with two sides of your choice. The large white with breast  + wing cost $13.50 btw.I chose the medium this time around, and I can most def get a hint of the spice. The mild I had in Nashville was barely detectable if you just want to dabble at a little bit of spiciness.And psst. Shut the cluck up is really hot. The hubs def sweated and had teary eyes. I think he preferred the damn hot as it was more manageable.You def get a good amount of chicken with the two quarter pieces. The skin wasn't super infused with the spices so it was more bearable than the charred and crispy skin. There's a choice of blue cheese or ranch as the dipping sauce to drown out your taste buds. There's also two slices of toast soaking up the chicken juice. I tried a little bit of his bread soaked with shut the cluck up, and it was really hot.The pimento mac & cheese here in the deep south was 100 times better. Sorry Nashville, but Atlanta's version turned my meh experience around. There was a lot of cheese, oil/butter, and flavor. It's def something you would picture (and taste) as a Southern side.The red skin potato salad is my second pick. The chunks were thick and pretty flavorful. You can visually see a nice coating around the potatoes. The garnishment atop was a nice touch.The black eyed pea salad was so so as my third choice. It sat in too much liquid though. Comparing it from the previous time, there was def less peas and more liquid. The peas were good mixed in with some tidbits of carrots and either green peas or green pepper chunks--I can't remember nor tell from my pic. The creamy cole slaw wasn't really creamy imo. The cabbage pieces were bigger so it looked more homemade, but flavor didn't really follow. If you like a healthier version with less salad dress/mayo, you would like this. I think if you take out ""creamy"" from the description, this would do it.The outdoor seating will have heat lamps from the ceiling if you're concerned about the cold. And by the way, if you park at the lot next door, it is public parking so pay for parking. And at night, there will be a security guard (or was it police officer) outside to keep the crazies away?",4
"I almost always get fried chicken when I come home to Atlanta.  How mind you, like barbecue, it can be done in different ways.  Hattie B's is a ""wet"" style of fried chicken where the spice and sauce comes on top of the fried chicken itself.  This is not what some people are used to but it does not mean it is BAD! This is very good fried chicken in its own right!  We also got a number of sides (collards and mac)PROS:- great amount of fried chicken- you can cater the amount of sauce you put on there- not dry (this is a biggie) - outdoor seating for nice weather means fresh air and you don't smell too much of fried chickenCONS:- sauce on chicken can get soggy if you don't do it while you're eatingIt's definitely a nice change of pace but really dependent on your personal preference for fried chicken.  Sides were not bad, but there are better options in the city for mac and cheese.  I'd definitely want to come back for the fried chicken sandwich though.  Give it a try!",4
"Believe the hype! I definitely enjoyed every bit of my meal. I ordered the 3-wing plate, added an extra wing, with baked beans and fries. The chicken was fried to perfection, as well as the fries. I opted for medium, bc I thought the hot may be a little too much for me. My friend ordered hot tenders, his usual order. We both enjoyed the baked beans as well. Also, the wings are HUGE, so I actually didn't need the extra. I was only able to finish two and was stuffed. Only drawbacks...free parking is extremely limited. We parked in the paid lot but the only options are for 4-hour or 8-hour timeframes. I wish you had the option to pick less time. It was ""only"" $5 dollars for 4 hours, but still. I can't imagine being an employee and having to pay for parking. Not sure if that's the case, but just an idea that crossed my mind. From my understanding, there is always a line, and there definitely was one that night. It was also pretty cold out, so I suggest you dress properly for the season. The line moved pretty quickly. It was later and still packed out but we were able to find seating inside. They had the warmers on outside, but that was a no for me dawg. Lol",4
"It was far from where I live, I was dedicated to visiting this famous place!!  I knew there would be a line so please beware upon arrival. I suggest you order from online before you arrive. I order medium flavor it was perfect heat for me. I highly recommend Pimento Mac & cheese. It was so creamy and Full of flavors. And of course you cannot go wrong with coleslaw and chicken. I definitely would come back again! , YUMMMMM~",5
"Can't say enough good things about this place...I've visited a few times since Hattie B's opening a couple years ago and every time is a good experience. The food is good. The staff is nice and efficient. No complaints here.Parking is a paid lot next to the restaurant. Usually $5 will suffice. Good size but definitely busy during peak times. Wait time. During peak times like weekends, the line can be out the door. However, the line is always moving. The staff is so quick and efficient that the wait goes by quickly and trust me, it's worth the wait. There's indoor and outdoor seating. Even with a wait or line outside of the door, I've always been able to find seating as people are always coming and going and the staff is VERY quick in cleaning and turning over tables. The food itself. I've had the wings plate and the chicken sandwich before and have tried all of the sides. Everything has been top notch. So flavorful. Even with a long line, there's never been a mistake with my order. Long story short, I'll always come back for that chicken....get you some!",5
"A Nashville institution has made its way to Atlanta and it appears the locals are going ga ga. My wife and I were visiting a friend in the area and she mentioned that she attempted to eat here twice and had no luck due to the massive crowds and wait time. Options for parking are minimal in front of the restaurant. A very savvy person placed a paid parking lot right next to the restaurant. You will potentially need to add that cost to your tab. This kind of thing infuriates me but such is life in a big city.Apparently our visit occurred at the right time because we did get served. I place a to-go order. We still waited about 30 minutes for our food. They had a decent amount of staff working and they were working hard for sure.So what is Nashville hot chicken? It is basically fried chicken with varying degrees of heat level. Some chicken will have a red exterior. The darker the red color the spicier it is. I ordered a half bird and an order of tenders at the extra hot heat level. It is customary for the chicken to be placed on slices of bread and pickles are also included with toothpicks (to make a sandwich perhaps?) The tenders came with a side of comeback sauce which is a pretty tasty condiment.I started with the tenders and guess what? My face was on fire. Brutal, intense heat. We celebrate hot wings in my home town. This was something else entirely. I tasted an insane amount of hot paprika and cayenne pepper. It had a deep, dark, earthy quality that was so aggressive. The comeback sauce tempered the heat only so much. I still managed to get three tenders down. I also tried sections of the 1/2 chicken. It was cooked perfectly (some might say the breast was a little over done.) The heat continued to slam me down. Eyes watering, running nose, puffy face. My wife was in a store and when she came back out she asked ""what happened to you?""I have a rule about spicy food. If the heat level ruins the taste of the food it has gone too far. That was the case here. I was, however, the idiot who ordered it. My wife ate some later in the day and referred to it as ""inedible."" People in her culture love spicy and dump hot sauce on everything. I suffered for about 12 hours after eating here. I am sure you can use your imagination to know what I mean.I have one last terrifying statement about the heat level. There is actually a heat level that is higher than what I ordered which is mind boggling!Our chicken came with four sides. Greens, Pimento Mac and Cheese, Baked Beans and Cole Slaw. I enjoyed three of the four. The beans were too sweet and pretty cheap, obviously canned.So there you have it Atlanta. Learn from my error and dial the heat down one level or more. If I found the right level for me I would probably bump my rating to four stars. Between the parking and the waiting and the suffering I stand by my rating for now.",3
What is there to say... but who are these crazy people who gave this place less than 5 stars... who hurt them when they were children and calloused their heart and taste buds...Unless you are Hattie and you feel like it just wasn't quite right... you need to change your rating right now!All kidding aside... if you haven't had a chicken sandwich AND the chicken here... please make this your #1 priority if you are down in the peach state!The beans and greens are perfect complements to the most delicious chicken and sandwich you will ever have!Please make your way to an icon of a meal!,5
"Here's the dish! When I visit Atlanta for the holidays, I am always eager to try some of the new places around town. One of my friends and I ventured down to Little 5 Points to visit the iconic Outkast mural, and while in the neighborhood, decided to stop by Hattie B's Hot Chicken.As a spicy food lover, surprisingly, this was my first introduction to Hot Chicken. I went in guns blazing! If I was going to try Hot Chicken, I wanted it HOT! I approached the counter and proceeded to order a Wing Platter (3 whole wings) with Baked Beans, Potato Salad, and Lemonade. When asked what spice level I would like, I foolishly replied ""Damn Hot!!"" Hattie B's offers 6 levels of heat for customers:Southern - No HeatMild - Touch of HeatMedium - Warming UpHot! - Feel the HeatDamn Hot!! - Fire StartedShut the Cluck Up!!! - Burn NoticeWhen the person taking my order asked if I was sure if I wanted Damn Hot!!, I should've taken this as a clue to order something milder, but I proceeded with my order as is. We did have to wait a bit for our food to be brought out, but it was a beautiful December day in Atlanta, so we enjoyed the sunshine on their outdoor patio and waited patiently for our food to arrive.When our food was brought out, the server made another comment about the spice level of Damn Hot!!, but I was damn sure I could handle it. I was wrong! While very flavorful, it was too hot for me to even enjoy it fully. I was only able to get down one of my three wings, and I must've gulped down 3 cups of lemonade fighting off the heat. The sides helped give my taste buds a break in between bites of chicken. Both sides were really good, and being a southern restaurant, contained bacon! Yes! Their Potato Salad has bacon in it!I would definitely be back to eat more Hot Chicken, but I will humble myself and stick to the Medium and Hot! range. Until next time, keep dishing!",4
"Welcome to my review. The parking lot is very tiny only few cars. You have to pay for parking next door/next lot over for $5. The food is great at times and a terrible at other times. It just depends on how busy they are. Customer service is just not good at all, it can be improved. I wouldn't come but the chicken is amazing. I came during covid and the wait was 1 hour to get my order but it took 1 hour and 30 mins. That is just super ridiculous.I recommend getting hot level. It's not too hot and got good kick. The chicken sandwich, Mac and cheese, and Banana pudding is worth to die for.Thank You for reading my review.",3
"Ahh, Hattie B's - the hot fried chicken institution of choice in ATL. Hot off their success in TN, they rolled into ATL and I'm so thankful they did.I live dangerously close to this location so am constantly tempted to stop by and grab one of their hot chicken sandwiches. The only thing holding me back are the absurdly long lines (which are warranted given the stellar food). Parking is also quite a pain (there are only a few free parking spots at this joint) - I've almost always had to roll into the paid parking lot next door.The lines do move quick and the service is always fast and super friendly. Staff is super attentive and rate to catch a staff member without a smile on their face.I always opt in for the 'Shut the cluck up' heat level on the fried chicken and fried chicken sandwiches I order here. The heat level isn't a joke - I'm a spice connoisseur of sorts and don't find this a challenge but it definitely does a number on your stomach. It's extremely flavorful and the chicken is moist, juicy and melts on your tongue. The sides are great - I'd recommend the fries or Mac and cheese. If you catch yourself here in the winter, the outdoors is heated! Pro-Tip: Arrive at 12p and you should be able to snag a great lunch time parking spot and avoid the long lines during peak lunch time rush.",5
"Don't come here if you want to eat healthy.  You'll go home very hungry after eating nothing.  Come here to enjoy tasty Southern food!I love the fried chicken here.  My favorite here is the large dark plate - two fried leg/thigh quarters, spiced at the mild heat level, with southern greens and pimento mac and cheese as my sides.  A slice of white bread and kosher pickles are included in the meal.  The fried chicken quarters have consistently been crispy crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside, and piping hot.  I'm glad I don't live anywhere near Hattie B's because the fried chicken is like crack to me!  This meal is filling!The only other things on the menu that I've tried are the iced tea (sweet tea is really sweet), the lemonade (strong) and the peach cobbler.  I don't care for the peach cobbler because there was just too much gelatinous goop in it and was much too sweet for me.Parking: Hattie B's has a small free parking lot in the front, and an even smaller one in the back, so free parking is extremely limited.  There is a pay parking lot just next to Hattie B's that has a lot of spaces available.  You must pay if you park in that lot.  Hattie B's does not validate parking.Don't get intimidated by a long line queued outside, through the door and to the cashiers.  The people at the counter are generally quick to take orders and move people along.  If you're eating in, you'll get a number to place on your table so that the employees will know where to bring your food.  Tables are available both inside and outside the restaurant.Heat Level Warning: One of the times I was eating here, I noticed a couple sitting next to me, both eating fried chicken meals.  The woman was laughing at the man, who was determined to finish eating his chicken, which, apparently was at the Damn Hot! level.  When I first noticed her laughing at him, he was just sweating.  Within 5 minutes, not only was he sweating profusely, his face was also bright red.  One of the times I ate here, I ordered the medium heat level, and my stomach complained later that night, so I won't do THAT again.  Choose your heat level carefully.",5
"Hattie B's is an Atlanta classic and always popular, as you can tell from the long lines out the door during lunchtime. The atmosphere is always lively and vibrant, with lots of chit chat inside and out. Somehow they don't seem to run out of seating. The chicken always comes out hot and fresh!The large plate here really is huge--it comes with two large pieces of chicken and two sides. I can never finish it on my own, so I've always gotten a large plate to share. We've tried differing levels of spice now: medium, hot, and damn hot. If you can't take a lot of spice, I would recommend mild. Even if you can take spice, damn hot HURTS. I can't even imagine the highest level of spice, but you never learn until you try...The chicken is always super hot, fresh, and juicy, and the skin is crispy. All of the sides are great, but my favorites have to be the crinkle cut fries and pimento mac & cheese. The fries are crispy on the outside and soft and hot on the inside. The plate is a great deal for what you get and super filling, even for two people.Parking is a huge hassle, but the chicken is well worth it. I recommend stopping by during off-peak hours to minimize any parking issues or wait times.",5
"The chicken here is amazing, the sides aren't the be I've ever had but they are very good. The service is always fast and pickup during covid is pretty efficient.",5
"Honestly, my boyfriend and I heard they had the spiciest chicken in Atlanta so we had to try it.My boyfriend ordered the 3 wing plate and of course got the SHUT THE CLUCK UP heat level. He said it's as spicy as the Korean nuclear noodles. The heat isn't unbearable and he really enjoyed it. The flavor was really good and the skin on the chicken was crunchy. The size of the wings were pretty big and juicy too! He chose a side of fries and the pimento Mac and cheese. I also got a Mac and cheese, and we agree that it was really good! Super cheesy and flavorful.I ordered the hot chicken sandwich with the ""Hot!"" heat level and regretted it because it was BARELY spicy. I'm definitely going to try the ""Damn Hot!"" next time-- I think it would be the perfect amount of spice. We ordered the ""Little Un's"" for my daughter, they forgot to give us a drink for it. They only gave one chicken tender but it was a fat one! It also came with a side of fries and pickles. We can't wait to come back already, because fried chicken is our weakness haha.",4
"Alexa, play ""I Need a Hot Girl"" by the Hot Boyz.That's pretty much how I felt after going to Hattie B's Hot Chicken.I'll admit, I'm no fan of long lines hanging out of an establishment. Typically this points to an overcrowded and overrated spot. But this place was worth the hype. The chicken is crispy, juicy and has big personality. Now I love chicken in every form: winged, tendered, popcorned even. This time I was in the mood to have it sandwiched between two buns and I was not disappointed. My only advice is pick your heat profile wisely because Hattie B indeed wants ALL the smoke.As for the logistics: eh. Super tight free parking and every other spot you have to pay for. (da fuq?) Picnic seating is outside which gives it a cute lil outdoorsy vibe. Inside, the staff is nice and full of southern hospitality which is a plus. The line WILL be long, especially on the weekends. So be prepared and come here medium hungry and not hangry or your stomach will be pissed. Otherwise, enjoy taking your taste buds on a one-way ticket to hell. (But the fun kind of hell)",5
"Hot chicken heaven! Hot chicken is THE THING right now - anywhere across the nation. Hatti B's is definitely a recommendation I would give to anyone visiting the area. But just an FYI there is always a line, it moves along pretty quickly. I tend to order the hot chicken sandwich in medium. I love spicy food but also would like to enjoy my meal. Their spice levels are pretty potent so beware! Side note: they also have one in Las Vegas at the cosmo and it tastes just as good.",5
"Da bombzzz. This place is the business. The biznesssss. Bangin' music, southern hospitality, corn hole outside... And they sell 40oz beers. That alone gets my respect. The chicken is juicy, crispy, flavorful. We got the medium. My fiancée is bummed we came back home to LA without going back for another round. Everyone comes here, and I mean everyyyone. They charge for parking on the lot over, but we just hopped on over after parking and didn't get a ticket.Will definitely be back next time we're in Georgia. For now, all I hear is my fiancée saying ""Hattie B's"" but pronouncing it ""harabi's."" Not sure why, but it works. ‍",5
"So, I've wanted to try this place for a long time, but due to other places to try and long lines this place has never come up on the list.  So now it's a new time, Covid-19 places closed, limited hours, and shorter lines we decided to give this place a try.  So, the lines are much shorter now, and if you want to eat your food there it's only outdoor dining so choose your days wisely.  We both got the chicken strips with baked beans, potato salad & fries. The fries ""crinkle-cut"" so those are hard to go wrong, baked beans - Eh they were okay, Potato Salad - not good and the main event.  The Chicken, well I can see why people are lining up for this, the chicken is fried but juicy inside.  This isn't just plain fried chicken but has definitely been seasoned so It's definitely the star of the plate. Would I go back here again and make it one of my favorite spots? I wouldn't go as far and say that.  With the limited parking, long lines when the weather is good and really only one thing that's tasty.  I'll really have to be craving fried chicken to go out of my way to come here.",3
"Don't hesitate to try this amazing fried chicken spot.  I was in atl for thanksgiving and I have tried other fried chicken spots there.  I think there is a new winner for best fried chicken in Atl. Hattie B's fried chicken was so crispy and juicy it is my new favorite fried chicken spot.  Thank guys I didn't have many people in front  of me. People say there is usually a long line to order food.  But since I tasted this unbelievably delicious fried chicken I would be willing to wait as well.  DECOR- very modern and clean inside. Couple of tvs the dining area isn't so big but it fits a decent amount of people.   FOOD- CHICKEN- like I said the best fried chicken in ATL. I ordered a large dark you get 2 leg quarters and 2 sides for $10.50 great deal.  I kept the sauce on the side and I'm glad I did bc I ordered a mild sauce and it was pretty hot. I like that they use quarters bc they stay extra juicy.  The breading was so crunchy and when you bite into the chicken the juices oozes out and fills your mouth with chicken  perfection. Your teeth bite The crunchy skin then you bite through the tender juicy flesh for that amazing contrast. -SIDES- pimento Mac and cheese. Was really cheesy and just a slight hint of the pimento cut the richness of the cheese it was actually a nice touch  The crinkled fries were also good topped  with a season salt the fries were fried perfectly crunchy exterior and a fluffy inside.  Very addictive fries. I wish they had a cheese sauce. But I did mix them with the pimento Mac and cheese and made them even better. STAFF- very friendly and always cleaning  tables as soon as people leave. Keeping this place very clean. And hats off to the cooks great job guys. I know we can see u but we appreciate you for  taking pride in the food.  You can tell when there is love in the food, Hattie B's puts love in their food.",5
They food was ok I had the spicy chicken sandwich. I was good and made of real meat but the banana pudding on the other hand wasn't so good,4
"Best fried chicken I've ever had. A friend highly recommended that we stop here while passing through ATL, and boy am I glad that we did! When we arrived around 3pm on Saturday there was about a 30 minute wait to place an order. There is a large covered outside patio, and also a large amount of seating inside. You place your order inside at the counter. I ordered the chicken tenders basket (hot)  and it was without a doubt the best chicken I've ever had. Perfectly fried, great spice, and nice and crispy. I also ordered the pimento Mac and cheese and potatoes salad which were fantastic. The restaurant has a few parking spaces around back, or there is a large paid public parking lot next door. If you like hot fried chicken I would highly suggest you check out Hattie",5
"I seriously think I have an addiction to this place!!! The chicken sandwich is my favorite! I prefer it with the coleslaw on the side, but the mix of flavors is perfect! I order medium, which is not too spicy...but has just the right kick to it. The chicken tenders are also amazing. Perfectly fried and juicy. For a girl who doesn't like fried food, Hatti B's has converted me. The greens are very good. The baked beans are good, but I'm not a fan of baked beans so I don't know how to rate them.The banana pudding is to die for! Hands down, just like my mother use to make. I have to admit, I always order 2...because it's just so darn yummy!! This is the real deal, if you're looking for something close to Nashville hot chicken. #imjustserious",5
"It's chicken. In Atlanta. Duh!I stopped here on one of my visits to Atlanta and thoroughly enjoyed it. I got the wings plate with pimento Mac and cheese and the greens (and ranch!!). Service was friendly and the food was hot and so delicious. I was glad they didn't judge me for getting ranch, either. I know the chicken is so good it doesn't need anything, but I love ranch. And their ranch is good, too!",5
"Hattie B's is making ordering and pick up very easy and safe during this time. Order at one door, wait in the patio, and pick up at the door. Even at dinner time the patio was spacious enough to keep all the people waiting for their food 6 feet apart. Workers were working hard to prepare order quickly and announcing names on the mic so you know when to pick. I wish they had to put hand sanitizer next to the pick up door like the order door or kept it open for extra safety measures. Food: quality was just as good before COVID-19. The chicken sandwich had the perfect amount of meat to bread ratio. The white meat was crispy and juicy all throughout. Highly recommended getting the honey mustard sauce as it helps mitigate the spice without losing the flavor. Baked beans had a unique taste and was not overly sweet. Cole slaw was good, but the pimento mac and cheese was absolutely excellent. Highly recommend their banana pudding as well if you are looking for a super sweet dessert to complement your spicy meal. I was very disappointed in their sweet tea as it was significantly watered down.",4
"Best fried chicken sandwich you can ever get! Originally had this in Nashville 2 years ago and the Atlanta location is just as good as Nashville. The 1st bite of the sand which you think the chicken is going to make you sweat, but once you keep going it almost calms down. So give it a few minutes before you dip it in ranch. Parking is limited and so is seating right now. Order online and take to go would be my suggestion.",5
"I've been coming to Hattie B's religiously for well over a year now. I'm hooked!I've experienced each level of spice from the southern fried to mild, medium, damn hot, and the dreaded 'shut the pluck up' but I usually get medium to be able to enjoy the meal. Anything else feels like torture but I can stand the damn hot heat level on the wings only. It seems to hold the spice a lot better than the other chicken parts. This is a great place to eat whether you're a local or in town visiting. My sister loved it during her Atlanta visit last week and vowed to return when they reopen the dining room again.",5
"Super duper long line, so expect a wait! But also expect food that is worth an extra 30 minutes in line and waiting for food!I ordered the 1/2 bird and 2 Nashville Hot Chicken sandwiches and boy ohhhh boy was I impressed as well as the family! The order totaled out to about $40 which was fine and well worth it.My favorite place to go in Atlanta, so I will be returning soon. If you're around the area and love spicy food then you won't regret the visit to Hattie B's!5/5 from me!",5
"First of all, WOW! This is honestly the best spicy or ""hot"" chicken sandwhich I have ever had! They have a few different ""spicy"" levels and I chose ""medium"" and I feel like that is a great starting point for someone who likes spice but also likes to enjoy your food! Haha! All the staff members were so friendly, fast and the outside area was clean! You can also grab a beer which they keep ice cold! I am not the best at pictures, but here are a few...",5
"Finally made it to the Atlanta location.I've actually visited Hattie B's Hot Chicken twice in the last six weeks.  This location did not disappoint.  Hubby and I visited twice for a nice little carry out during the pandemic. Service - On point Location- Conveniently located on Moreland Ave.Wait Time - Approximately 15-20 minutes each visit Food- I've had the wings and jumbo tenders.  Both are very tasty however, jumbo wings for the WIN.I've had the beans, mac & cheese and collared greens.  The sides are okay, nothing to brag about. I'll continue to be a repeat customer.",4
"I live nowhere near this pace, so when I found myself nearby, I pulled up. Parking is crazy - I'm not one to circle the block several times or wait for a spot, so I paid $3 for a spot next door and got in line. From what I understand, the planets must have aligned because there were ""only"" 6 people in line ahead of me. However, the outdoor seating area and the entire inside was jam packed. I ordered the 3 wing meal with French fries and a drink. There was high turnover on the tables, so I was easily able to nab one right after ordering. Now onto the food. I'm wondering if maybe I missed something. I wanted to like my meal so badly, but didn't. The food came out piping hot, which I greatly appreciated, but the spice was barely there. I like my hot chicken, spicy. Maybe I needed to go up a spice level. Guess I'm a dissenter here. I've seen lots of my peeps give this place 4 and 5 stars. Maybe I'll give it another try and report back.",3
"I just got this delivery and the food is really good! I got the large dark piece in hot and I know it's going to be an all-around good meal but it's not very spicy. If you like spicy food, I think that hot would be your mild. It is a little greasy but it definitely reminds me of the heat in fried chicken that I'm used to (which is Jamaican fried chicken), so I would definitely add spice to it or order it spicier than hot. The mac & cheese is good, definitely has a little twist, The subtle sharpness pairs well with the chicken. It's really good, I just was hoping it was spicy because of the name!",4
"So very disappointed!!!I was in the mood for some really tasty chicken wings and who best to order from...Hattie B's.  I spent $20.00 for the meal, taxes, and a tip for the Uber Eats driver. There is something seriously wrong with the chicken. I wanted to continue eating because the seasoning is delicious but the appearance is off. The meat may have been old prior to cooking or old cooked meat. I can't figure out which.The sad thing is that people rave over this place.  I won't say that I won't eat here again, but it will be a while, and I will have to go in so the restaurant so that I won't waste money on dissatisfaction. So sad!!!",1
"Hattie B's is...everything you want and need in some fried chicken. Hattie has the secret recipe to making some great chicken. I visited Hattie B's on a Thursday with a friend. We ordered our food online for pick-up (secret to passing the line!). I ordered the three whole chicken wings (medium), fries and collard greens. The wings were delicious. The medium sauce was just right. It had a nice kick, but didn't take away from the crispness and flavor of the wings. The crinkle fries were cooked to perfection. The collard greens were seasoned very well (though I couldn't really tell if there was pork in them or not, I just tried not to think about it). Overall, the food was delicious. You can't beat it. Their prices and overall food quality, superior!",5
"I  went today for a late lunch or early dinner. It was about 415p and I got a parking spot!  The guy told me there are 17 spots. The chicken??  Its average in my opinion. Yes the hot spice is not the norm but you can get it at other places around town too. Is it better than the best Southern Fried Chicken?  I'd say no way, although I think it is a bit better than another Nashville hot competitor a few miles away.Id like to know just how its made. I peeked into the kitchen area and saw a huge pile of fried chicken with no red coating. There was quite a LOT of it so maybe they take the already cooked non spicy and add the coating of choice when ordered and drop it in the oil again. You do get your chicken hot, but there is a lot of hard parts on it. When   chicken is fried once and served hot everything is soft and loose but this stuff even hot seems to be very hard in many places.  The skin looks like leather too. I had the half chicken HOT.Because the help was nice and all 3 sides I ordered were above average I'll give it an extra star. The sides though are rather small. I like trying new things and new places, so Im glad I went, but personally I wont hurry back.",4
Thought the chicken overall was pretty damn good here. My only gripe was that I wish it could have been hotter in the heat department I guess I was conservative with my heat selection so next time I'm back in ATL I'll go with a more spiced version. Again really good chicken and probably the best that I had on my visit. Solid 4 stars,4
"Absolutely the Best! The most awesome fried chicken. Get a side of 'Shut the Cluck Up'. You have to at least say you tried it. Great staff and handling COVID restrictions very well. Here or in Nashville, go Hattie B's",5
"I only ordered three tenders, hot.  I wanted to see what the hoopla was about- and the long lines.  The place was quite busy, and there was both a long wait to get to the counter to order, and then to receive my food. The tenders were crispy, and had a nice bite to them. There were nice spices in the batter.   I liked this hot chicken *much* better than Gus's Fried Chicken. Overall, a winner!",4
"Driving up to this place, I felt like I was in a scene on the food network channel.First off, the line was long, stretching from inside the restaurant to near the end of the sidewalk.  I waited awhile to eat, and built up anticipation.I ordered  the chicken sandwich , a wing, a med and a hot tender.  The sandwich was what I dreamed of.  A chicken breast, crunchier than chic fila and dipped in the 2nd hottest sauce, topped with comeback sauce, cole slaw, and pickles. Just delicious. The wing or Sandwich came with a side.  I ordered the Mac n cheese with pimento.   However, I don't know if it was from the hot sauce but I saw corn in the Mac n cheese too. It was okay and different .  Overall, the chicken was what I came for and dreamed of, and it was worth the visit.",5
"Hattie B's is great. The thousand or so reviews here will tell you pretty much all you need to know, but just in case:Parking is a bit of a situation; the first two times I came I got lucky and snagged one of the limited spots, but if you go during peak lunch/dinner time, you may end up having to pay for parking in the lot next door (or prepare for a walk!) The line is usually out the door but that's because the indoor waiting space is nonexistent. It moves quickly, so don't be discouraged!In terms of the food - based off my first few visits, I would have given it 5 stars, but this most recent visit I was somewhat let down, purely in terms of heat. Mild used to be enough for me (no shame, it was still pretty hot.) My boyfriend would get hot and be tearing up a bit while still enjoying it. This visit however, the mild wasn't hot at all and a bite of the hot was just slightly spicy. Not sure if this was an off batch/day, but it was pretty disappointing!The tenders are still pretty moist, and I get the mac n cheese every time because it is THE BOMB. The other sides are all solid, but I would definitely recommend the mac n cheese. I always get the 3 tenders platter which, for 9.50 with 2 sides, is enough to fill me up and provide leftovers. Also, I had heard a lot about the banana pudding and finally got it - it is quite good, but also really sweet - I recommend sharing it.Value is great, and again, not sure why the spice this most recent visit was underwhelming. It's still pretty good, so I would recommend trying it regardless - I'll definitely be back; maybe this time with an upgrade in heat!",4
The worse chicken I've ever tasted ... I literally trashed the entire meal before leaving the parking lot and it was a $25 meal.,1
"I'm originally from Louisville, Ky so this was my first time trying Hattie B's but it's was AMAZING! I got the dark meat in a hot flavor with greens, mac, and baked beans. For dessert I had banana pudding and I got Arnold Palmer as my drink! This meal put me underrrrrrr! This place is a must for anyone looking for a good meal! Also the service was fast and friendly!",5
"The hype is real with this place and is my SECOND favorite fried chicken spot up to date. The first will most likely always go to Howling Rays in L.A. I was fortunate enough to beat the rush and got my order in quickly.Chicken Sandwich - delicious has lots of flavor and is pretty tender. has a great spicy kick to it for the medium heat and overall a great sandwich for its taste and price!!Dark Meat - Comes with thigh, wing, and drumstick. Was really delicious. Chicken here is the best I've had in Atlanta so far. Couple cons are the lack of variety of tap beer and not having their own speciality sauce. Just the standard ranch, blue cheese, and honey mustard. Would return if I'm in the area and the price is more than fair!!",4
I ordered takeout due to inside being closed because of COVID-19. I ordered 3 small chicken meals which consist of a fried leg quarter and 2 sides. I got my chicken medium and it had a slight heat to it. I definitely could have gotten hot or damn hot. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside with a nice kick from the spice. I will be visiting again before I leave ATL. Great chicken!,4
"Hattie got me full as a tick that rolled off a lazy dog! Excellent fried chicken! Those jumbo wings are legit! A whole side of sliced pickles went exceptionally well with the chicken. I'm glad I got the extra side for only $1 because I would've been upset had I not gotten it. They even add a slice of white bread which is a must on a southern fried plate of anything. If you want to eat some really good food late, this is the place. They close at like one or two in morning or something like that. Definitely a great spot! Nice and clean! I will be going back.",5
Because of everything that is currently going on in the world I did not have the chance to go to this establishment in person and I was weary about getting the food delivered but this has been one of the best meals I ever got delivered! I got the Large White plate with Mac and cheese and baked beans. Everything was seasoned so well and tasted fresh. The chicken was just a little dry and I got medium heat but it tasted very hot. I loved the baked beans and the Mac was good as well. The peach cobbler is perfect with some vanilla ice cream. Overall I am so satisfied with the taste and flavor of the food.,4
"Hattie B's will spice up your life!My friend and I decided to check out Hattie B's on a weekday. We arrived right before they opened. Free parking is limited, but since we were the first ones there we were able to choose our spots. Paid parking is available adjacent to the store.I ordered the following:Hot Chicken Sandwich (with side of Mac & Cheese) $9I chose the Hot! level and it had the right amount of kick for me. I could have gone another level up, but since this was my first time I wanted to play it safe. The chicken was crisped to perfection. The combination of the sauce and spices was incredible. Best chicken sandwich I've had to date! The mac is creamy and cheesy. The staff was very friendly, helpful and patient with us. The space was clean. Although this was a trek for me, it was worth the drive!",5
This place is calmed down since it first opened. try to get there around 6 or 6:30 to be a little bit of a rush. don't be freaked out when you come if the line is out the door. The line literally only holds two people before it goes out the door.The service was wonderful. They bring the food to your table and then they checked on us twice while we ate. Also check out the sauces after you order on the counter. We took some to go because we didn't grab any while we ate. Can't wait to be back!,5
"So I've been wanting to try Hattie's for awhile and had the opportunity on Sunday. The ""WORST MISTAKE EVER"" I Don't understand what the hype is all about. I guess nobody knows what good Hot chicken is supposed to taste like. I had the three tenders hot with greens and the black eye pea salad. First off, I had to wait 45 minutes just for the tenders to be cooked WTH!! I watched multiple people come and go as I set there waiting on my food to be prepared. Only to be VERY DISAPPOINTED!! which is an understatement. The greens were nasty and undercooked very tough similar to uncooked Kale..Ugh! The black eye pea salad was swimming in liquid which was terrible just plain awful. Please drain some of the liquid off...and the tenders were just plain gross. I also had a side order of the Peach Cobbler which was very bland with no kind of crust in sight...my partner had the three wings with mac n' cheese and fries. the fries came out cold and the mac was not flavorful at all. The worst part was they kept calling us over the loud speaker saying our oder would be up in 2 minutes..that never happened. They offered us drinks and a extra dessert for the wait. I wanted to try the banana pudding so I had that..let me just Lol! And not speak on it.  This place was a true let down and not worth the $25 spent. I will not be patronizing this location again.  I would have came out better taking the drive to Nashville",2
"Hattie B's was my first meal when I arrived at Atlanta. I came about 30 minutes before closing and there was still a line! I decided to try several items.I ordered the large white with southern seasoning (no spicy). For the sides, I ordered baked beans and fries. I also ordered a single chicken tender to try and the peach cobbler (which the employee recommended over the banana pudding).For the sides, the fries were great. They were seasoned well and were salty and crispy. The beans were okay. They had a hint of spicy but had a BBQ flavor.The white meat chicken was juicy but I feel like it could use more seasoning. The chicken tender was actually spiced better than the breast meat and was good.The peach cobbler was creamy and warm with the peaches adding a good flavor to it. Next time I recommend getting a scoop of ice cream with it.Overall, Hattie B's was just okay to me.",3
"I had heard about this place for such a long but somehow was never able to plan a trip to this spot. One weekend I left everything and decided to visit this place and boy oh boy all the stories are true. The place is very near to five point famous marketplace. You can take a Marta or Uber to reach this location. There is ample seating here both inside and outside and staff here is super cool and helpful. You have to order at the counter and the food gets delivered at your table. We ordered their chicken sandwich, Fried chicken and chicken wings. Sandwich comes with a side of fries and fried chicken come with two sides of your choice. I opted for fries and Mac n cheese. I ordered a hot chicken sandwich which was not tooooo hot but with perfect heat to enjoy it without drinking loads of water. The chicken was perfectly seasoned, juicy and fresh. This was probably one of the best fried chicken sandwich that I have had. Wings though surprised me. Instead of a traditional wings, they fry the whole wing and two are enough to make it a whole meal. Wings were my least favorite dish here. If I am going again (which is for sure) I am ordering their fried chicken sandwich.",4
"OH MY JESUS. Their hot chicken is on freakin point! We got the Large dark plate (comes with a side) and a chicken sandwich (medium hot also comes with a side) I thought medium hot was spicy at all so, maybe next time I will really the next one up! Regardless they were both really good! The chicken sandwich sauce is amazing!!! I definitely recommend trying it. We came in around 12pm and there was barely no line maybe 5 people in front of us! so come early cause literally an hour later the line was out the door! If you're in the area or not I would come here it was heavenly.",5
"While I've been to Hattie AB's a few times now, this visit was THE best one yet! There's no better lottery win than when you're out early shopping and you just happen to roll up on Hattie right as she's opening up!I typically don't fancy a lot of bread so unfortunately I avoid a ALOT of good ass Sammie's! I chose the chicken sandwich this go round with fries and slaw! OH MY DAMN! I usually stay between no heat and medium level heat when I visit and I haven't gone wrong yet! My guest had the chicken tenders and waffles and aside from the waffles being a bit eggy, this meal was out of this world too! We caught some Vitamin D and had brunch out doors on the patio and we even made some friends! While there are a few Nashville Hot chicken bidnesses flowing into the city, Hattie B's is your FOR SURE go to when it comes down to it!",5
"I've been searching for the best fried chicken. I had at least 3 friends recommend me to try Hattie B's. Just that the location throws me off. Plus reading about the parking and long lines made me not want to try Hattie B's....just yet.On a Friday night, I was working late in the office and was thinking, you know, I could really try Hattie B's this time. I'll order online and pick up, then take it home to try it.I love spicy food. I have not yet found any place that makes it spicy so much that I cry. My friend warned me about Hattie B's chicken is sooooo spicy. She got the the spicy - Dam Hot - and wasn't able to finish the food. I was like I can handle it.I feel that it's hard for a fried chicken place to make breast meat, juicy and tender.So for the online order, l got half a bird. I put Breast Quarter - Shut the Cluck Up & Leg Quarter - Damn Hot. For sides, baked beans & collard greens. I couldn't resist the peach cobbler when I was checking out since a pop up asked if I wanted dessert lol. All platters come with white bread.Pick up - 9:30 pmI came a little early to pick up. I already saw the line out of the door. I went to the front to tell them I'm a little early - 5 mins early to pick up my order.The lady was really nice up front but one of the guys just seemed busy, not rude, but not nice either. She said to just wait there and they will call my name when my order is ready.At exactly 9:30 pm, my name was called. On time. Yes!It took me 30 mins to get home. I can tell you that my food was still HOT in temperature, like seriously. The chicken was still hot. Nothing was room temperature.Thoughts on food.Shut the Cluck Breast Quarter - so impressed at how spicy it is. Still juicy. Flavors are good. The skin is soooo spicy and crispy. I was crying and eating. I looooved it.Damn Hot Leg Quarter - you know the breast quarter was delicious, so that means the Leg Quarter was even juicier. Yummy. My taste buds were close to being numb already haha.White Bread - just standard white sliced bread. Wish it was more like Texas Toast but it offset the spiciness of the chicken.Baked Beans - had a little hint of vinegar but I think cause it had some hot sauce in it. Really good. I was impress that my baked beans was still hot in temperature, considering I ate it AFTER I ate the chicken.Collard Greens - dish was also hot in temperature. Cooked perfectly.Peach Cobbler - I'm like seriously so impressed that all these side dishes were still hot in temperature. Peach Cobbler was really good. It wasn't too sweet and the crust was not soggy either. Really like.Overall, Hattie B. You're so delicious. Thanks for making your way to Atlanta! Definitely the best fried chicken I've ever had. Even though I hate the long lines and parking, I couldn't give you less than 5 stars. I guess I will continue to order online!203/2019",5
"Hattie B's is pretty good. I never had hot chicken until I tried Dave's hot chicken in LA. Dave's is incredible and I assumed hatties would be close. Hattie's is good but not as good. It was missing something in comparison. The drinks are also small. Don't get me wrong, I would definitely eat here again.  The food was hot and seasoned well. The line is typically long so I suggest ordering ahead online. All in all, I had a good experience here.",4
The chicken at hattie's is unbelievably good. The cole slaw and pimento Mac are my favorites. The spices range from mild to medium to hot. The parking is a bit of a problem but the line moves quickly,4
"Hattie B's changed my life I think.. I browsed on Yelp prior to coming and was surprised that the line wasn't too bad on a Sunday afternoon. There is a cute outdoor seating area, but it was freezing so that was a no for me and my friends. We ordered three meals and shared. The spicy chicken is delicioussss. It was cooked to perfection and had a lot of flavor. I miss it while writing this review. The sides are all fire, but my favorite was the potato salad. This is a must go to if you're in Atlanta!",5
Crispy Spicy  juicy chicken  &  pimento Mac & cheese and an Arnold Palmer to cool it down believe the hype it's super good l!,4
I've been eating Hattie Bs for a while now but today I ordered the chicken and waffles and received one tiny little BURNT waffle with my order. It used to be a whole waffle cut into 4 pieces. I don't know if this is what their new chicken and waffles are but highly do not recommend. I also didn't receive butter or syrup with my order so if I wanted to eat the burnt waffle I wouldn't have any syrup. So disappointing.,2
"Tenders Plate $9.50: I got medium spice level, and more my sides chose pimento mac & cheese and baked beans. For sauce, I chose the Nashville Comeback sauce. The chicken itself was ok. I did find medium to be a bit too spicy. It's the lingering type of spicy rather than one that smacks you in the face. The sauce reminded me of Chick-fil-A sauce, but not as good. I think I'd prefer BBQ sauce, but don't recall seeing it as an option. The mac & cheese was a little spicy as well. The baked beans were pretty good. Photo Mentions:- Coleslaw - Large Dark plate $10.50 (2 sides not in the photo)  *****My Star Ratings: 1 Star - Terrible. Just thinking about it makes me angry. 2 Stars - Meh. Unlikely for me to return. 3 Stars - OK. Open to coming back, but wouldn't go out of my way to. 4 Stars - Yummy! Will definitely return if I haven't already. 5 Stars - AMAZING!!! Would plan my day or even a trip around eating here.",3
Great tender hot chicken strips and awesome fries. Nice outside eating for social distancing but not enough for the line of folks waiting for a seat. We'll be back.,5
"Was in Nashville and tried to visit Hatti B's but the line was out the door. We decided this time it didn't matter how long the wait we were going to try it! I now know why there was such a long line!! This is by far the best fried chicken I have ever had! We got the medium and it was just the right balance of heat and flavor! For sides we tried Mac and cheese, baked beans, coleslaw and collard greens. All were good but the chicken really stands out!If you have the chance do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!",5
I got a fried chicken sandwich with potato salad and collard greens. The chicken sandwich was rather dry and slightly overcooked and the bread was just way too thick for my liking also the staff was rude in the pick up line and I also got the wrong sauce. I asked for honey mustard and I got a ranch. I probably won't be back here for a while the wait was too long and then my chicken sandwich was very underwhelming I'm very disappointed.,4
"I been here On numerous occasions and It's always consistently good! Fresh, nice spice, Mac and cheese is bomb and the service is great! I get a side of pickles as well! It surprisingly goes well with the chicken! I would give it five stars but I took off one star because the seating is so limited‍",4
"Since one of my favorite Indian restaurants weren't opened today , I decided to try something new . I'm not a big chicken eater but I thought I'd give it a try anyway. It reminds me of an old fashioned restaurant like a diner from the 1940's . It's really cute . Besides it's design is from an old gas station and it had that old fashioned charm for sure . Quite a few customers were sitting outside and not very many on the inside . It is July , therefore I suspect they wanted to enjoy the weather . At the front counter the menu is nice and clear right above my head. There's chicken fingers, chicken sandwiches and there's the hot wings, with sides such as Mac n cheese, cole slaw, collards and black eyed peas. There were French fries on the menu but I didn't order any. They didn't look so great on the plates of the other customers . My only issue with sides at mainly fast food chains is the fact the sides more than likely have been cooked in pork. However fast food really isn't for the health conscious, which is why I primarily eat at home . I must say I was surprised the cole slaw wasn't good at all. It was dry and lacked flavor. My chicken was paired with regular old white bread , that wasn't toasted or buttered and toasted . The chicken was just ok. It was really crunchy , but it wasn't anything to write granny about. Here's my final thought on Hattie B's : If I was starving and there weren't any place to eat , I'd eat here. If someone asked me to recommend a place to eat in Atlanta, it wouldn't be this place . I rather eat at Popeyes.",3
"An institution! I feel like this is a must visit in Atlanta, because I've heard that the line at the Nashville locations is insane. We only waited about 5-10 minutes to order and our food came out about 5 mins later. We stopped in about 1:30 on a Friday. They have a lot to choose from! We both got the tender meals and I got mine medium while my husband chose hot. I'd say the descriptions are pretty accurate! If you can't do spicy they have one without any spice at all, just regular fried chicken. I loved their ranch and my favorite side was the black bean salad, so fresh and delicious! The Mac and cheese was good, so was the slaw and fries.I thought the prices were fair and the service was friendly. I'd definitely come back and I'd say it lived up to the hype!",2
"Waited in line for 30+ min which was expected. Line moved at a reasonable pace. It was a sunny cold day out so we didn't mind. We ordered 2 chicken sandwiches, mine mild and his medium. They were pretty good but a little too hard for our liking. Although they were generous portions of chicken, the centers seemed a little dry and the outer was just a little too hard- like over fried. Fries were yummy. Service was great although there's only one person at the register. Great variety of sauces. They serve waffles only on Sunday's until 4p.Mac and cheese was delicious.",5
"I've seen this place all the time and the lines are usually wrapped around the building! Called-in my order and it was ready by the time we arrived. This chicken is absolutely good! I had the hot whole wings, collards (tasty), fries (amazing) and baked beans (pretty good) - yes, I got 3 sides . I actually wanted some more and almost went the next day, but I will definitely be back, and you should too!",4
"TEXAS APPROVED HOT CHICKEN! While planning for my trip to Atlanta, I looked up places to eat, and Hattie B popped up way too many times - I knew I had to try it! We arrived sometime around 5 in the evening and there was already a line! However, it wasn't too long a wait, and the service totally made up for it. As it was our first time there, we asked the person at the counter to help us understand the different spice levels they had. They also offered small and large sizes of chicken, and she also patiently explained to us the difference. Although this was technically a ""self serve, no table service"" place, their staff still came around regularly to check if we needed anything. Southern hospitality at its best!!!On to the food - I chose a medium, and my partner got the mild. The chicken was so juicy and tender, and absolutely delicious! However, I could definitely do more spice. Medium was not spicy for me at all. The sides were just okay, but the fries were really well seasoned! Overall, it was good food, and definitely worth the multiple buses and trains we took to get there! My partner still talks about it two weeks after we've left!",5
"Hot and delicious! I got the second hottest spice setting on the menu and the chicken came literally BLACK. It was both painful and satisfying at the same time. The sides are your standard southern cuisine, but the chicken is where it's at. Even better is when the chicken flavors seep into the bread underneath it - absolute yum. And for fair prices too! Definitely an Atlanta staple.",5
"Been over a year that I thought the hype had gone down but still there's a line out the door; granted their order station is very small inside.  Technically, I think it's a technique to draw more people, but not very ideal when in line on a cold day like today nor during winter.  Went on a Sunday specifically to get their waffles, which is only served on Sundays.  After missing out on free waffle day at waffle house museum yesterday, waffles at Hattie B's was just perfect and went great with the spicy chicken. So much better than sad piece of sandwich bread that I usually end up tossing.   After reading reviews, i debated on the hotness level for a while, but decided to give what the cluck a try.  Luckily, they let you choose 2 types of hotness and choose hot as well.  For sides, we got the potato salad and cole slaw, lemonade and root beer float for drinks, and for dessert, peach cobbler.  Sides were just meh.  Cole slaw and mashed potato was a good filler in case anything got too hot, but didn't have any flavor.  The thought of peach cobbler has always been ooey gooey delicious dessert, but I need to realize that i just don't like peach cobblers in general.  I love root beer float and it was a good substitute for milk to get my stomach ready for the chicken.  Lemonade was delicious and refreshing without being overly sweet. Now to the most important dish, Hattie B's chicken.  Husband got the 2 white pieces with medium spice level.  God forbid, some people actually like white meat... but don't do it.   White meat was just dry dry dry and the medium spicy level was just whatever. I got the dark meat and it was juicy, flavorful, and delicious.  I loved the hot spicy level, it definitely has enough heat for your palate but has great flavor that you can enjoy at the same time.  What the cluck was bearable for me since I'm a huge spicy food fan, but flavor wasn't for enjoying and just for bragging rights.  Skin tasted straight up ghost peppers that it didn't taste good and the meat seemed a bit more dry, but that could have been coincident.  Hattie B's is definitely worth the try, but overall I think Gus still has my vote for Tennessee fried chicken, especially since it's not as greasy/oily.  Oh and good luck for those with weak stomachs.  There's only 2 unisex restrooms... poor choice for a restaurant that's promoting people to eat out-of-the norm spicy chicken.  There was definitely a line forming when we were eating. Also for parking, there's some parking in the back and front of the restaurant, as well as ample public parking lot right next door to Hattie B's for a fee.",4
Went to the good ol ATL foodie spots and got the legendary Hattie B's hot chicken! Completely blows out the who has better chicken sandwich debate because fast food chains cant replicate the attention to taste and passion that goes into frying and seasoning the chicken here! I've had our fair share of heat but that Shut the Cluck up heat really got me!finally a spicy chicken that is spicy! The chicken was super tender and juicy and with tons of flavor!All in all the chicken at Hattie B's is FUEGO,4
"The service was the best part, no problems in our wait time either, we had to wait til we were home to eat, which probably wasn't the best idea in regards to the quality of food. But the three stars was honestly for the parking, wasn't the best especially if you don't want to pay, I can only imagine if we came on a busy day, we wouldn't have much of a choice.",5
"There wasn't anything wrong with my meal, but I guess I just don't like TN style fried chicken? To me, there wasn't much flavor in the chicken, cole slaw, or fries. I didn't really enjoy eating any of my meal. But I don't think it's the fault of the restaurant.... It might be I don't like this style of fried chicken?The service was super friendly and the interior was clean and comfortable. They have picnic table seating outside with a little place for kids to play. Really, I had a great experience here except for the fact that I just didn't like the food. But this might just be a case of ""it's not you, it's me.""",3
"Don't be weary of a line because they move pretty quickly. If you're super hungry order online so it'll be ready when you get there. We did not do svu of that and we got our food pretty quickly. My little sis got a small dark plate and tore it up, I got the tenders and they're huge! We both got hot and agreed we wouldn't enjoy it as much if we got it any hotter (we both love spicy food).I got the fries and Mac with ranch and comeback sauce for dipping. The sides were average but who cares, we're all there for the chicken. Customer service was good and the restaurant was fairly clean so no complaints. Next time around i definitely want to try the sandwich. There are inside and outside seating options.",4
"I absolutely love this place! I've never been disappointed. Last night I ordered the tenders with a side of mac 'n cheese and greens. I made the mistake of ordering the tenders hot expecting it to be more mild but with good flavor.The tenders were definitely filled with flavor! But omg it was SPICY!! The mac n cheese went so well with the tenders. It was very thick and cheesy and helped to lessen the burn of the chicken. I also got the greens, which was pretty good. However, I think the beans would have went better with the tenders and mac.The portion size is great and the food was fresh and well packaged. The quality of delivered food is just as good as it is in person. I definitely recommend this place to my fellow chicken enthusiasts.",5
"There's not enough good things to say about Hattie B's. This happens to be some of the best hot chicken I've ever had, and the long lines are definitely worth the wait. I always get the hot chicken, and it tastes the same every time. It's the same level of heat with the same crispiness and juiciness. I also get the pimento mac & cheese, which I didn't think I was going to like at first call but it goes great with the chicken. The greens are seasoned great, and I love that you're able to buy beer at this location. There's also a lot of seating on the inside as well as the outside, And there's a great outdoor space where you can play games, chill out on on the lawn, and eat a really good meal.",4
"I've been to Hattie B's Hot Chicken a few times, and let me tell you: that long line that's always out the door on the weekends that I'm sure you all have heard about is worth it. Whenever my husband and I would drive past and see the line, I always wondered about the place because a lot of times the line was clear into the parking lot.  As for the parking lot, we've been lucky enough to always find a spot. To bypass the line, going during the week if you can. If you decide to go during a busy time, expect to wait.   There are a few tables and benches outside should you choose to eat you meal outside, and inside there are a good number of tables, with two TV's always on sports. The customer service I've experienced has always been great and when you choose to sit inside or outside, there's always an employee to bring your food to you.        My husband and I always get the 3 jumbo tenders plate with sides. The plate options are all served with pickles, a slice of bread, and two sides. There are several heat levels for the chicken : southern ( no heat ), mild, medium, hot, 'damn hot', and 'shut the cluck up', the matter two I would assume are super hot. I've always been told that even the mild was hot, so I've always stuck with southern. I'll try mild next time. Because there will definitely be a next time. The tenders were good and crispy. For my sides, I tried the pimento mac & cheese and southern greens, while my husband had the pimento mac & cheese and baked beans. All were very good.   If you're ever off of Moreland Avenue and looking for something new to try, please go try Hattie B's Hot Chicken. You won't be disappointed. The hype is real.",5
